Add image label description (#147)
harvester/docs: docs/upload-image.md

On the **Volumes** page, click **Export Image**. Enter image name to create image.

![](./assets/export-image.png)

### Image labels

> You can add a label for the image, which will help identify the operating system type more accurately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add labels to the image, which will help identify the OS type more accurately. Additionally, you can also add any custom labels when needed.
```

> If you create an image via a URL, we will add the OS type label automatically. However, if you create an image by uploading a local file, you will need to select the OS type manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create an image from a URL, the UI will automatically recognize the OS type and image category based on the image name. However, if you created the image by uploading a local file, you will need to manually select the corresponding labels.
```

Author: Done, PTAL again thanks.

> When you create an image via URL, we will try to add the system-related label automatically, if you create an image by uploading a local file, you will need to select the system type manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you create an image via a URL, we will add the OS type label automatically. However, if you create an image by uploading a local file, you will need to select the OS type manually.
```

Author: @vickyhella   Done,  PTAL. thanks.

Reviewer 2: LGTM
